Artificial Intelligence is one of those topics in computer systems that not many people understand. This idea and field of study within computer science is probably most simply defined as the development of a program or computer system in the attempt to give the computer the ability to “learn” about the problem it is computing and solving. AI research is important in today’s world because the idea of data analytics. This idea is important in every big company that takes in a lot of data like Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Spotify, Microsoft, the NFL, and many others. In order to utilize this data correctly, they have to write computer systems that can learn from the data that is taken in to help with marketing, analysis, and understanding of many other parts of their systems. Another part of AI that has been large as computers have advanced is the development of robotics. There are all kinds of movies that show what humans believe could happen with development of robots where they end up taking over the world or become more intelligent than humans. Society seems to be a little scared of AI because most people do not understand a lot of what happens in AI. The current impact on society is not very large, but it seemed to scare people a bit with tools like the Amazon Echo and Apple’s Siri in all of their devices and how those devices listen to every word people say. Current data analytics and AI is built into society through technology that tends to try and help people be more productive throughout their days like the aforementioned Echo and Siri. These technologies use people’s personal data to learn about what people want to use these tools for. The benefit of the computer learning from the user is that it becomes more tailored to each person whether it’s suggesting what apps to open and having them more accessible, suggesting music for the listener, learning the morning routine of a person and helping them get through it easier, or anything else that could potentially benefit the user. These tools are becoming the most popular tools in society and are definitely benefiting the lives of each person. It will be very interesting to see how AI can help benefit society in the future. Self-driving cars are a large focus of development within large tech companies like Google and Tesla right now. These cars will utilize AI and Machine Learning in order to help them know what to do in every situation a car could run into. These tools are attempting to help computers act as a human and have better reactions than most humans.